lack to know to agree
the nani roma foundation both started as he assured a year ago in fact already
I personally am not many things left
in Africa, however, it could help young adults to run
and we decided together with rosa mujer to do something a little more serious a
little vgara these people who say that behind all the acting
have three points a little ask an amateur sport
to the kids we believe that the sport this ninth to protect them for their
growth for
that they understand what effort work
who eat with this because it degrades what you want straw
foundation the judge should be help the continent in January a lot
that is condensed African searches have plans that then running
that's why we need a lot of things
I traveled to our with information of efe the comic fear filiation
the capsule then we start doing things
in hospitals and now we want to continue what we started consuming
better in a different way, especially we have focused more on trying to help
children's hospitals
then the other issue is also to help hospitals
hello people said
disabled organizations
they start from small things by transmitting a little pilot experience
Chinese a little bit everything I've done
contest by spending a little better day agent as it happens
the beloved is more families sometimes with the kids themselves
constructive try the event
good this year instead of life that you to the josema foundation is working
with a group of kids with less equipment
the kids that make enduro
to a team that is also my teammate as a newcomer winner
dakar that the kids that run with the pos have collaborated with them
we have two other pilots that we also give because we think that by far
alcohol the sport or the psoe
his is a super super important for probable mists
a spokesman
corbacho is a player worked effort knowing and doing
and to get things you have to work that what is not worth is that this central 8
faults gift the titles therefore
I think that
I do not know nor do we want them to become champions of anything if we attend
help them to practice their sport their ikea dream has been tuned
we are sure that they only learn when they apply it in the
life will be of great help to the countryside to live a life
little better or to support yourself more in life not
the other issue that we have done in hospitals p
of mountain especially is to try to raise funds
paradoxical is that we take him later to follow a little what we did before
the drugs of the act that has counted little that
good that really needed people because it lasted little better and especially the
children because
although good to be in alicante
Libya jana went up in all hospitals
all this is all preparing the microphones right now
Thymus Point is also trying to consolidate apart from collaborating with people
it's like a player
They spent days together, you just changed and the kids
will try
join sport
with people with problems and on the other and the last point the foundation is
in the life centers is trained yergue collaborate before already collaborates in different
centers to the recent wedding
calendars
every year and now we are also working on twitter
the interesting thing would be to live and spend
a day together doing things with these people do not like the same hotels
cars and a little bit what is the life of a pilot
I think that for them and their families they spent the day as a miss
in the middle east the trees in the field
It would be interesting